[Reference] Revisit query language landing page (#127632)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/index.md

---
# Query languages

This section contains reference information for Elastic query languages, including:

* [Query DSL](querydsl.md)
* [ES|QL](esql.md)
* [SQL](sql.md)
* [EQL](eql.md)
* [KQL](kql.md)

> For more information about each language, check out the [query languages](docs-content://explore-analyze/query-filter/languages.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about each language, refer to the [Explore and analyze](docs-content://explore-analyze/query-filter/languages.md) section.
```

Reviewer: nit: I find this a little more helpful in at least understanding that the the docs are distributed into different sections, i.e. **Reference** and **Explore and analyze**. 

"the query languages documentation" sounds a little generic to me.
